The first thing I'm going to do is make sure that spark and Kafka are running with PS-EF.
When I run that command,
I see several Java processes running and if I look,
I see spark running in two of those.
I have Kafka, which are the others,
and then these two are Spark.
So we're good to go.
I'm going to clear my console.
Here's the solution for the exercise.
We're going to import the Spark session.
We're going to create a spark session then we're going to set the log level to one.
We're going to read a Data Frame from Kafka by saying the bootstrap server,
the topic, and the starting offset.
Then I'm going to select from
the data frame and cast that data to strings both the key and the value.
Then I'm going to write those fields to the console and if I go to home,
workspace, spark, nls, I have my scripts.
I'm going to submit,
Kafka, console dot solution dot SH.
The blinking cursor means a spark code is running
now and now we see the data coming from Kafka with keys and values.
The fuel level has a key of a truck number
and a value of the percentage full of the fuel tank.
I'm going to kill this by saying Control-C.